Meeting 116th January 2014Chair: Oliver LeaSecretary: Dariush Bahri•	Decided to use GitHub for version control and to ease collaboration.•	First get main pass through from ADC to DAC working before moving on to creating effects:o	This may require analogue circuitry such as a biasing circuit and an amplifying circuit.o	Unsure if the board would be able to drive a speaker, so attempt to get a pass-through to headphones working.•	In terms of a user interface, it could be possible to implement a rudimental user interface using switches on buttons on blue-board.•	Oliver and Dariush to work on analogue circuitry and implementing pass-through from ADC to DAC, while James works on researching the implementation of digital effects.Meeting 221st January 2014Chair: Dariush BahriSecretary: James Lee•	Decided to focus on the analogue circuitry before moving on to the main programming for the system.o	Analogue circuitry that is being worked on is a low-pass filter, a biasing circuit so that the ADC can sample the entire output of the guitar, and a non-inverting op-amp circuit to amplify the signal so that the entire range of the ADC is used.•	By the end of this week we want a clean signal from the guitar to the output of the DAC to be obtainable.o	Part of this involves writing code to average several signals from the ADC in order to reduce noise.•	James will look into a compression effect for when the sampling is working correctly, whilst Oliver and Dariush continue to work on the analogue circuitry.Meeting 328th January 2014Chair: James LeeSecretary: Oliver Lea•	Analogue circuitry that preprocesses the signal before it arrives at the ADC is complete.o	Involves a biasing circuit, a low-pass filter and a non-inverting op-amp circuit.•	Work has begun on the filter chain:o	Going to use four distinct structures:•	FilterNode•	Filter•	SFilter•	PFilter•	Decided to use communication over UART with a computer as the user interface as it will likely be simple to implement once the communication functions are complete.o	Going to use non-blocking call to read input buffer from UART to evaluate input when the processor is not processing incoming analogue samples.•	James is looking into implementations of digital reverb filters while Oliver and Dariush are working on the filter chain.Meeting 44th February 2014Chair: Oliver LeaSecretary: Dariush Bahri•	Filter chain is working completely as outlined in the previous meeting; user interface work has begun.o	A linear gain effect has been implemented that was used to test to make sure the serial and parallel effects were working in the chain.•	User interface work has begun and Dariush and James are working on UART communication.•	Oliver is refactoring filter chain code to make it easier to understand and more structured. Oliver is then to begin work on an echo filter in order to test the usage of the filter chain with more than one type of effect.Meeting 511th February 2014Chair: Dariush BahriSecretary: James Lee•	Communication over UART for the user interface is complete, and a rudimental menu interface for adding and removing effects from the filter chain is in place.•	Work now should focus on getting digital effects implemented.•	Commenting of code must be focused upon in order to make sure the code is easily readable.•	Oliver is working on a function that will print all of the effects that are in the filter chain out to the user interface.•	James and Dariush are to work on getting digital effects implemented.o	Effects such as delay and echo to be looked into.Meeting 618th February 2014Chair: James LeeSecretary: Oliver Lea•	A pass-through option needs to be added to the user interface that will allow the filter chain to be bypassed while the pass-through option is enabled.o	Oliver to work on implementing this.•	Echo, delay and linear gain effects are complete and are present in the user interface.•	Dariush is working on adding low-, band- and high-pass noise gate effects.•	James is working on his individual section of the project.Meeting 725th February 2014Chair: Oliver LeaSecretary: Dariush Bahri•	User interface is now complete, save for adding any new digital effects that are completed.•	Dariush has completed the noise gate effects and these have been added into the user interface.•	Oliver has completed implementing the pass-through option in the user interface and in the back-end.•	James continues to work on his individual section.•	Oliver and Dariush are now each working on their individual sections.Meeting 84th March 2014Chair: Dariush BahriSecretary: James Lee•	Oliver is still working on his individual section, but is also working on adding more digital effects.o	Will look into tremolo and an envelope follower.•	Dariush and James are still each working on their individual sections.Meeting 97th March 2014Chair: James LeeSecretary: Oliver Lea•	Tremelo and envelope follower effects have been completed and added into the user interface.•	James has completed his individual section.•	Oliver and James are to work on cleaning up the code and commenting all functions that have not got comments.•	Dariush continues to work on his individual section.•	Aim to have the project completely finished in terms of the programming by Tuesday week 10, in anticipation of the code submission deadline the next day.Meeting 1011th March 2014Chair: Oliver LeaSecretary: Dariush Bahri•	Dariush has completed his individual section.•	All commenting has been completed and no more code has to be written.•	Project code is complete and ready for submission.•	Discussion about project demonstration on Friday:o	Tested speakers and they work fine with the board.•	More practical for the demonstration than headphones.o	Everyone feels prepared for the demonstration.